you
hey how's it gone Dave Judy here so if
you know me or if you follow my channel
you might recognize this place this is
my condo
now Dyson reached out to me they were
awesome enough to sponsor this video
Dyson has announced today March 6 that
they're no longer designing those
traditional upright vacuums so those
yellow bald things that were really
iconic when I was growing up James Dyson
is announcing that they're not designing
any more new ones instead they're making
something like this the cyclone v10
absolute so this is supposed to replace
those upright vacuums it's fully
cordless it's highly maneuverable and
it's very flexible but there's a problem
to this whole scenario my place is clean
I'm not gonna pretend like it's super
dirty just to make a video this is just
how I keep my condo it's a clean place
so I thought what is the best way for me
to showcase what this thing can do
what's the best way to kind of like
dirty this place up to make it worthy of
a vacuum in front of me are two fans
these are I haven't tried this yet this
is going to be a bit of an experiment I
have fans and a bucket of dust and I'm
going to pour a lot of dusts on to these
fans and hopefully coat this place with
a fine layer of dust okay here we go I'm
gonna go for the far fan first and then
the close fan and
[Music]
ha ha ha
holy smokes I gotta be honest this is
way worse than I thought it would be oh
my god okay cyclone v10 this thing has
up to a 60-minute battery it's got whole
machine HEPA filtration and the bin size
is significantly larger than the v6 or
the v8 that I've used in the past I mean
let's just put this thing to work
[Music]
it's actually doing a decent job on the
pull on the push it's leaving stuff
behind I think it's like bigger chunks
but I'll just go out and just pull it in
nice
[Music]
so I've done most of the floor but I
want to switch attachments because I
feel like this tool here is a better
device for cleaning the couch oh my god
there's like rocks on this thing
so I've been going for about 30 minutes
now I've done the couch I've done most
of the floor and the battery still says
full well it says three out of the three
bars so I don't know I guess that's good
but I'm gonna keep going I'm gonna
switch to this tool it's I guess a soft
bristle and I'm gonna use this on the
computer and the stuff on the coffee
table
[Music]
now the bin is in line with the rest of
the vacuum so you're getting better
airflow with this new design well I
thought this thing would be dead by now
I feel like the battery should have worn
out long time ago I'm going nonstop for
about an hour to the point where my
fingers tired I think that's actually
something I wish they would add like a
switch that you could flick without
having to squeeze the trigger
I like to sing a lot I feel like for
most people you could easily replace
your vacuum like your big quarter
vacuums with this thing it's just like a
big vacuum but super portable and just
Wireless cordless that's awesome huge
battery huge bin smaller motor has just
been way more efficient is I like this
thing okay if you guys are interested
I'll drop a link down below you can
check out their store at WWDC ENCOM hope
you guys enjoyed this video and
seriously I'm so glad for this vacuum
clean this place up properly because it
was a total mess and I was actually
worried this was me a giant disaster but
cleaned up nicely okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
[Music]